workflows-build: build packages automatically (#3539)
AOSC-Dev/aosc-os-abbs: .github/workflows/README.md

If packages are specified, only these packages will be built. If no packages are specified and the command is replied under a pull request, all packages which have spec file changed will be built.

> If you want the workflow runs as a status check, add `[ci]` to the beginning of your pull request title.

Reviewer: If you would like for the workflow to run as a status check, prefix your pull request title with `[ci]` .

Author: ```suggestion
If you would like for the workflow to run as a status check, prefix your pull request title with [ci].
```

- [ACBS](https://wiki.aosc.io/developer/packaging/acbs/)

## Explanation on the codename

> The cake is a lie[^2]! Though Project Cake is an automation joining the ongoing efforts[^3], it will only work in simple scenarios.

Reviewer: Though Project Cake is an effort to augment AOSC OS's ongoing maintenance automation project [^3], it will only work in simple scenarios.

Author: ```suggestion
The cake is a lie[^2]! Though Project Cake is an effort to augment AOSC OS's ongoing maintenance automation project[^3], it will only work in simple scenarios.
```
